removed hyperlink in restrict a container (#41163)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tutorials/security/apparmor.md

{{< note >}}
AppArmor is currently in beta, so options are specified as annotations. Once support graduates to

> general availability, the annotations will be replaced with first-class fields.

Reviewer: I think this is better wording:
```suggestion
general availability, the annotations are likely to be replaced with first-class fields.
```
